@node Invoking
@chapter Invoking

@emph{You must not run this program if you are epileptic.}
Seek someone else how can do it for you.

@command{unstickpixels} recognises the following options
@table @option
@item -v
Use the Linux VT instead of the graphics cards' colour
lookup tables (CLUT). This requires that the program runs
under the Linux VT, otherwise known as the TTY. This may
not work too great one all graphics cards, some very
expensive graphics cards are really bad. NVIDIA is known
case of this, why the CLUT utilisation was added.

If you are using a graphical environment and do not know
how to access the Linux VT, here is how you do it: press
@kbd{Ctrl+Alt+F1}, if this does not open non-graphical
login screen, press @kbd{Alt+Right} until you get one.
To get back to graphical environment, hold down
@kbd{Alt+Right} until it appears.

Whilst @command{unstickpixels} may run on most systems
(although Mir and, by Wayland's design, Wayland are
not supported) this option is only known to function on Linux.
@end table

@command{unstickpixels} accepts at most one non-option
argument. This argument is the number of milliseconds
to sleep between each color switch. This may be useful
to optimise the effect. It may help to sleep 10 milliseconds
between each colour switch rather than switching the
colours as fast as possible.

You should disable powersaving on your monitors and
disable the screensaver whilst running this program,
or otherwise make sure that screen loop is always displayed.

