\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename unstickpixels.info
@settitle unstickpixels
@afourpaper
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@finalout
@c %**end of header


@dircategory Miscellaneous
@direntry
* unstickpixels: (unstickpixels).    Screen loop to try to unstick stuck pixels
@end direntry


@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2013 Mattias Andrée

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top unstickpixels -- Screen loop to try to unstick stuck pixels
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@titlepage
@title unstickpixels
@subtitle Screen loop to try to unstick stuck pixels
@author by Mattias Andrée (maandree)

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents



@menu
* Overview::                        Brief overview of @command{unstickpixels}.
* Invoking::                        Executing @command{unstickpixels}.
* GNU Free Documentation License::  Copying and sharing this manual.
@end menu



@node Overview
@chapter Overview

@command{unstickpixels} tries to unstick stuck pixels.

Dead (always black) pixels are hard to revive, stuck pixels
on the other hand are more probable to get fixed.

This program should be run under the Linux VT. It works by
cycling the colour on the screen between sRGB(100 %, 0, 0),
sRGB(0, 100 %, 0) and sRGB(0, 0, 100 %), as fast as possible.
If you want to slow down the cycling you can add, as the only
argument, the millisecond time sleep between the colours.


@node Invoking
@chapter Invoking

@emph{Do not used this if you have epilepsia}

@command{unstickpixels} will not run in a graphical environment.
If you are using a graphical environment and do not know how
to access the Linux VT, here is how you do it: press @kbd{Ctrl+Alt+F1},
if this does not open non-graphical login screen, press @kbd{Alt+Right}
until you get one. To get back to graphical environment, hold
down @kbd{Alt+Right} until it appears.

Run @command{unstickpixels} without arguments.


@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl.texinfo

@bye

